# ### GET request to retrieve all recipes.
GET http://localhost:3000/recipes

# ### GET request to retrieve a specific recipe by ID.
GET http://localhost:3000/recipes/607d1f77bcf86cd799439011

# ### POST request to create a new recipe.
POST http://localhost:3000/recipes
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Spaghetti Carbonara",
  "description": "A classic Italian pasta dish",
  "ingredients": [
    {
      "ingredient": "607d1f77bcf86cd799439012",
      "quantity": "200g"
    }
  ],
  "instructions": "Boil pasta. Cook pancetta. Mix eggs and cheese. Combine all.",
  "cookingTime": 20,
  "difficulty": "medium",
  "cuisine": "Italian",
  "servings": 4
}

# ### PUT request to update a recipe by ID.
PUT http://localhost:3000/recipes/607d1f77bcf86cd799439011
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Spaghetti Carbonara",
  "description": "A classic Italian pasta dish with a twist",
  "ingredients": [
    {
      "ingredient": "607d1f77bcf86cd799439012",
      "quantity": "200g"
    },
    {
      "ingredient": "607d1f77bcf86cd799439013",
      "quantity": "100ml"
    }
  ],
  "instructions": "Boil pasta. Cook pancetta. Mix eggs, cheese, and cream. Combine all.",
  "cookingTime": 25,
  "difficulty": "medium",
  "cuisine": "Italian",
  "servings": 4
}

# ### DELETE request to delete a recipe by ID.
DELETE http://localhost:3000/recipes/607d1f77bcf86cd799439011

# example {
#   "title": "Beef Stew",
#   "description": "A hearty beef stew with vegetables",
#   "ingredients": [
#     { "ingredient": "60d5ec49fdd5c12f4c8d7a33", "quantity": "500g" },
#     { "ingredient": "60d5ec49fdd5c12f4c8d7a34", "quantity": "3 cups" }
#   ],
#   "instructions": "Slow simmer beef with vegetables and broth for 2 hours.",
#   "cookingTime": 120,
#   "difficulty": "hard",
#   "cuisine": "Irish",
#   "servings": 6
# }
